(docs) Update documentation for CPMR0068 (#1106)
chocolatey/docs: src/content/docs/en-us/community-repository/moderation/package-validator/rules/cpmr0068.mdx

<PackageValidatorRuleNote />

## Issue

> In the nuspec, the package maintainers (_owners_) and software authors (_authors_) has been specified as being the same. Indicating it being the same people being responsible for the package as for the software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the nuspec, the Package Maintainers (`owners`) and Software Authors (`authors`) fields are the same names, indicating that the same people or organization are responsible for both the package, and the software.
```

## Recommended Solution

> If the maintainers and authors are not the same, please update the packages maintainers (_owners_) or the software authors (_authors_) to be the correct individual or organization that is responsible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Package Maintainers and Software Authors are not the same people / organization, please update the `owners` and / or the `authors` field to the correct names.
```

If the package is provided by the same peple or organization that provides the software, there is nothing that needs to be updated.

## Reasoning

> Chocolatey packages are commonly provided by the community of Chocolatey, or the community of the software that is packages, and not the same people or organization that provides the software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chocolatey packages are typically created and maintained by Chocolatey Community Members, rather than Software Authors.
```
